section 1
        Tenet is a 2020 science fiction action thriller film written and directed by Sir Christopher Nolan, who also produced it with his wife Emma Thomas. It stars John David Washington, Robert Pattinson, Elizabeth Debicki, Dimple Kapadia, Michael Caine, and Kenneth Branagh. The film follows a former CIA agent who is recruited into a secret organization, tasked with tracing the origin of objects that are traveling backwards through time and their connection to an attack from the future to the present. Nolan continued his relationship with Warner Bros. and his production company Syncopy for the film's production and distribution.

Nolan took over five years to write the screenplay after deliberating about Tenet's central ideas for more than a decade. Pre-production began in late 2018, casting took place in March 2019, and principal photography lasted six months in multiple countries. After delays due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Tenet was released in the United Kingdom on August 26, 2020, and in the United States on September 3, 2020.

Tenet was the first Hollywood tent-pole to open in theaters during the pandemic and grossed $365 million worldwide on a $200 million budget, making it the fifth-highest-grossing film of 2020 despite failing to break-even. The film divided critics but won Best Visual Effects at the 93rd Academy Awards and received numerous other accolades.

section 2
Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU)
The MCU is a media franchise and shared universe centered on a series of superhero films produced by Marvel Studios. It began with “Iron Man” in 2008 and has expanded to include numerous films and TV series, creating an interconnected storyline2. 
Some of the most popular films include “The Avengers,” “Black Panther,” and “Guardians of the Galaxy.”
    
section 3

 yasin
   Interstellar is a 2014 epic science fiction drama film directed by Sir Christopher Nolan, who co-wrote the screenplay with his brother Jonathan. It stars Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain, Bill Irwin, Ellen Burstyn, Matt Damon, and Michael Caine. Set in a dystopian future where Earth is suffering from catastrophic blight and famine, the film follows a group of astronauts who travel through a wormhole near Saturn in search of a new home for mankind.

section 4.mi
